Your name
Address
Contact Details
Date of Birth
How long have you known the applicant
Nature of your relationship
Applicant’s reputation for honesty, sobriety, and moral standing
Statement confirming that you are not related to the applicant
Your recommendation that the applicant be granted a gun license

Vangie Shue (DOB: August 19, 1991)
29 East 37th Street, Apt 5B
New York, NY 10016
703-577-9209

April 18, 2019
Recipient Name ___
Recipient Address ___
Town, State, Zip code ___
To whom it may concern:
I am writing on behalf of Anthony Chan, who is applying for a pistol license. 
I have been Anthony's friend for 5 years, having met through mutually shared extracurricular activities (wushu/chinese martial arts, ballroom dance, and now zouk dancing) while Anthony was a student at Columbia. 
I can and attest to his good character.
Anthony Chan is an American citizen and has lived in New York for the last ___ years. 
He has never been arrested, nor has he ever abused drugs or alcohol. 
Anthony is very conscientious and safety-minded. 
Anthony is aware of the risks and moral obligations of handling firearms and has prepared accordingly. 
I know that he is already familiar with firearms from his past experience in the Navy. 
He has already (taken safety course, installed a lock, etc) to prepare for this new responsibility. 
I trust him to handle a gun with greater care of maturity.
Thank you very much for your time and consideration.

Please leave a voicemail if calling so I know who is calling and can return the call. I'm generally available to pick up a call.

Sincerely,
Vangie Shue













17 APR 2019

FIRST A LAST
123 ROAD 345 DRIVE
NEW YORK, NY 10000
(111) 234-5678
EMAIL.ADDRESS@GMAIL.COM


To Whom It May Concern: 

Anthony Chan has asked that I provide this character reference letter for him. I understand that this letter will be part of his application for a pistol permit. 

I have been Anthony's friend for over 5 years and can confidently attest to his clean record and outstanding character. In that time, we have shared mutual hobbies such as wushu/chinese martial arts, ballroom dance, and now zouk dancing, starting while Anthony was a student at Columbia University. 

I have always known Anthony to be a level headed individual and I would have no problem with his obtaining a firearm license. He has never been arrested, nor has he ever abused drugs or alcohol. 
He has demonstrated the ability to make good decisions and I have no doubt he will make the correct decisions as to the responsible handling and care of owning a firearm. 

If you have any additional questions, or if there is anything specific that you require of me, please do not hesitate to contact me at (phone number) 

Sincerely, 
Vangie Shue



